Israel and Hamas have blamed each other
for the devastating attack on gaza's Al
a Baptist hospital where nearly 500
people were killed on Tuesday
night Israel blamed the tragedy on a
misfired rocket launched by Islamic
Jihad accusation denied by the
Palestinian armed group since the start
of the conflict Palestinians have
accused Israel of indiscriminate attacks
targeting civilians and residential
areas the UN Agency for Palestinian
refugees or Ona says 11 staff members
have been killed and 24 of its
facilities damaged in Israeli air
strikes four medical workers from the
Palestinian red Cresent were killed in
an air
strike Doctors Without Borders has told
Al jazer that Israel has targeted some
of its ambulances and rescue teams
Israelis are not interested in
protecting hospitals or medical missions
look for the past few days we have been
receiving daily threats from the
military
authorities in 2008 it launched a major
military campaign that killed
1,440
Palestinians in July
2014 Israeli fighter jets bombed areas
in the densely populated sh neighborhood
of Gaza City that the Israeli Army said
Hamas had transformed into a Safe Haven
by the end of the conflict 6 weeks later
1,486 Palestinian civilians including as
many as 513 children were
killed Regional leaders brokered atuse
but violence returned once again in
March
2018 Israeli forces opened fire killing
29 demonstrators in Gaza and the
occupied West
Bank in
2021 and after weeks of tension during
the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan
hundreds of Palestinians were wounded in
violent confrontations with Israeli
troops at the al- akam MOs compound in
the occupied East Jerusalem Islam's
third holist
site then Hamas fired
Rockets
Israel hit back killing at least 250
people in
Gaza a year later at least 44 people
including 15 children were killed in
three days of violence that began when
an Israeli air strike hit a senior
Islamic Jihad Commander Hashim Al
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer